[Core] Making Object Store Fallback Directory Configurable (#51189)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/objects/object-spilling.rst

===============
.. _object-spilling:

Ray spills objects to a directory in the local filesystem once the object store is full. By default, Ray 

> spills objects to the temporary directory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
spills objects to the temporary directory. 
```
Let's add an example of the directory the objects are spilled to by default

> Ray spills objects to external storage once the object store is full. By default, Ray 
> spills objects to the temporary directory in the local filesystem. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ray spills objects to a directory in the local filesystem once the object store is full. By default, Ray 
spills objects to the temporary directory. 
```

Spilling to a custom directory
-------------------------------

You can specify a custom directory for spilling objects by setting the 

> ``object_spilling_storage_path`` parameter in the Ray init function or the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``object_spilling_storage_path`` parameter in the ``ray.init`` function or the 
```

> ``object_spilling_storage_path`` parameter in the ``ray.init`` function or the 
> ``--object-spilling-storage-path`` command line option in the ``ray start`` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``object_spilling_directory`` parameter in the ``ray.init`` function or the 
``--object-spilling-directory`` command line option in the ``ray start`` command.
```
Let's call the parameter "object spilling directory"

Note that you basically called it that when writing the prose here :) ("a custom directory for spilling objects")

Author: Chatted offline. Previous it is for future proof purposes when we support other types of storage systems. But at the same time, the directory can be used for file system like storage system and we will probably not support not file system like storage for object spilling so the directory name should be good enough for us.

.. tab-set::

    .. tab-item:: Python

        .. doctest::

            ray.init(object_spilling_storage_path="/path/to/spill/dir")

    .. tab-item:: CLI

        .. doctest::

            ray start --object-spilling-storage-path=/path/to/spill/dir

> For advanced usage and customizations, reach out to the `Ray team <https://www.ray.io/community>`_.

Reviewer 3: We don't tell them about `_system_config` for advanced settings?

Author: Yes. My understand the idea is we probably shouldn't refer to any _system_config setting in any of the public docs, because `_system_config` setting should only be used for testing purposes from the doc here: https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-core/api/doc/ray.init.html

Reviewer: We should not expose private system configs in documentation unless there is a very strong motivation. There's no signal based on our research that many or any users are using this today.

Reviewer: I would even suggest printing a warning if the object spilling config is set that says: "this is a private API and we plan to change it soon, if you're using it please open a github issue."
